README.md, before:

<p align='center'>
  <img src='https://i.imgur.com/eMlXVoZ.gif' alt='Next.js 13 Starter Template'/>
</p>

<p align='center'>
<a href="https://bhanuportfolio.xyz">Live Demo</a>
</p>

## Features ✨

- ⚡️ [Next 13](https://nextjs.org/docs) - with app router
- 🦾 [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), of course
- 🎨 [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/) - next generation utility-first CSS
- 💡 [Eslint](https://eslint.org/) - with Airbnb config
- 💖 [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - configured with Eslint and with Tailwindcss-prettier support
- 🐶 [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) - Improves your commits and more woof!
- 🌚 [Dark Mode](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/dark-mode)
- 🪢 [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
- 🗂 [cz-commit](https://cz-git.qbb.sh/) - Git commit CLI with custom config
- 🚀 [PWA](https://web.dev/progressive-web-apps/) - Native app experience
- 💣 [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) - Fast, disk space efficient package manager
- ☁️ Deploy on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), zero-config with inbuilt analytics support

## Try it now 💫

### Clone to local

```bash
  npx @bhanu1776/nextjs-starter my-app
```

 Make sure to replace **my-app** with your desired name

### GitHub Template <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/github.svg" height=20 width=20 />

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/Bhanu1776/Nextjs13-starter-template/generate).

## Checklist ✅

Try to follow the checklist when using this template to properly update your information.

- [ ] Rename *name* and *author* fields in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `LICENSE`
- [ ] Change the title and description in `layout.tsx`
- [ ] Modify the manifest in `public`
- [ ] Clean up the `README.md`

## Development 🧑‍💻

```bash
  pnpm dev
```

Then visit <http://localhost:3000>

## Deploy on Vercel ☁️

Your app will be live in a minute if you visit [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), choose your repository, and then continue by clicking Deploy.

## Why ⁉️

Recently, I've made a lot of NextJs webs. And setting up each time from scratch with all configurations is really time consuming.

Therefore, I created this basic template for myself to make creating apps easier, along with some useful tips I've picked up from creating those apps. You are welcome to make changes or even maintain your own forks.

## Support Me 🫂

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/Bhanu1776"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" width="200" /></a>

<hr>

© 2023 Bhanu Sunka  
This project is licensed under the [**MIT license**](https://github.com/Bhanu1776/Nextjs13-starter-template/blob/master/LICENSE).

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

Commit message:

feat: Added Vercel - one click deployment

README.md, after:

<p align='center'>
  <img src='https://i.imgur.com/eMlXVoZ.gif' alt='Next.js 13 Starter Template'/>
</p>

<p align='center'>
<a href="https://bhanuportfolio.xyz">Live Demo</a>
</p>

## Features ✨

- ⚡️ [Next 13](https://nextjs.org/docs) - with app router
- 🦾 [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), of course
- 🎨 [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/) - next generation utility-first CSS
- 💡 [Eslint](https://eslint.org/) - with Airbnb config
- 💖 [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - configured with Eslint and with Tailwindcss-prettier support
- 🐶 [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) - Improves your commits and more woof!
- 🌚 [Dark Mode](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/dark-mode)
- 🪢 [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
- 🗂 [cz-commit](https://cz-git.qbb.sh/) - Git commit CLI with custom config
- 🚀 [PWA](https://web.dev/progressive-web-apps/) - Native app experience
- 💣 [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) - Fast, disk space efficient package manager
- ☁️ Deploy on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), One click to deploy, Inbuilt Analytics support

## Try it now 💫

### Clone to local

```bash
  npx @bhanu1776/nextjs-starter my-app
```

 Make sure to replace **my-app** with your desired name

### GitHub Template <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/github.svg" height=20 width=20 />

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/Bhanu1776/Nextjs13-starter-template/generate).

## Checklist ✅

Try to follow the checklist when using this template to properly update your information.

- [ ] Rename *name* and *author* fields in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `LICENSE`
- [ ] Change the title and description in `layout.tsx`
- [ ] Modify the manifest in `public`
- [ ] Clean up the `README.md`

## Development 🧑‍💻

```bash
  pnpm dev
```

Then visit <http://localhost:3000>

## Deploy on Vercel ☁️

This template comes with vercel inbuilt. Your app will be live in a minute by typing **`vercel`** in terminal.  
For more information go through [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/docs/cli).

## Why ⁉️

Recently, I've made a lot of NextJs webs. And setting up each time from scratch with all configurations is really time consuming.

Therefore, I created this basic template for myself to make creating apps easier, along with some useful tips I've picked up from creating those apps. You are welcome to make changes or even maintain your own forks.

## Support Me 🫂

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/Bhanu1776"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" width="200" /></a>

<hr>

© 2023 Bhanu Sunka  
This project is licensed under the [**MIT license**](https://github.com/Bhanu1776/Nextjs13-starter-template/blob/master/LICENSE).

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
